Dada. How about it?
daughter in law. I have just been discharged from the hospital.
this. Why did you bring us here?
I'm not talking about Xiao Xiao being discharged from the hospital.
I want to give your wife a surprise.
Is this the new home that daddy prepared for Xiaoxiao?
yes. This is the new home that daddy prepared for Xiaoxiao.
We just picked it now. Don't waste your money.
Don't worry. I still have some liquid funds on hand.
From now on, our family will no longer have hard times.
rest assured. I succeeded in finding you.
Of course we get some money
You behave like a fool
Still living in such a big villa
This is my strength-giving grace, right?
so ridiculous
We had no money at first
When a family is displaced
Why didn't you mention the gift of strength?
Why are you so embarrassed now?
You don't understand when you say this
When my uncle and aunt died
If my mother hadn't raised her
You've long since starved to death
You just published millions of texts two days ago
Our queen needs your help in weighing her.
How much would it cost if you gave us this villa?